fixes some doc links (#2592)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/storage/_index.md

When a new schema is released and you want to gain the advantages it provides, you can! Loki can transparently query & merge data from across schema boundaries so there is no disruption of service and upgrading is easy.

> First, you'll want to create a new [period_config](../configuration#period_config) entry in your [schema_config](../configuration#schema_config). The important thing to remember here is to set this at some point in the _future_ and then roll out the config file changes to Loki. This allows the table manager to create the required table in advance of writes and will ensure that existing data isn't queried as if it adheres to the new schema.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, you'll want to create a new [period_config](../configuration#period_config) entry in your [schema_config](../configuration.md#schema_config). The important thing to remember here is to set this at some point in the _future_ and then roll out the config file changes to Loki. This allows the table manager to create the required table in advance of writes and ensures that existing data isn't queried as if it adheres to the new schema.
```
